# Policies and Disclaimers

-   Cancellation policy: cancellations made 24 hours before a scheduled session will be fully refunded. Cancellations after then will forfeit the session fee.
-   Legal and Medical Disclaimer: Nicolas Campbell (aka unifyingharmony.org) is an Aletheia Coach and meditation mentor, trained by [Aletheia Integral Unfoldment](https://integralunfoldment.com) and [Stephen Snyder](https://awakeningdharma.org). Nicolas Campbell is not a licensed mental health counselor or therapist. Nicolas Campbell is not providing healthcare, medical, therapy, counseling, or nutritional services. Nicolas Campbell does not attempt to diagnose or treat mental, physical, or emotional conditions, and takes a non-pathologizing approach to work with clients. The information on this website and during sessions is for informational purposes only and is not intended to substitute professional medical advice, diagnoses, or treatment. Always seek advice from your physician or other qualified healthcare provider before undertaking a new health regimen. Do not disregard medical advice or delay seeking one because of the information you read on this website or advice you receive in session. Do not start or stop any medications without speaking to your medical or mental health provider first. Nicolas Campbell's recommendations are never intended to supersede those of a licensed professional.
-   Liability and Responsibility Disclaimer: Please note that Nicolas Campbell can't take any responsibility for the results of your actions and any harm or damage you suffer as a result of the use, or non-use of the information available on this website or in session. Please use your discernment and conduct due diligence before taking any action or implementing any plan or practice suggested or recommended on this website or in session. Nicolas Campbell shall not be held liable for any damages, losses, or any other consequences that may arise from the use of our services or reliance on any information provided.
-   No Guarantee Disclaimer: While aiming to provide the best coaching services possible, Nicolas Campbell makes no guarantees regarding specific results or outcomes. Past performance is not indicative of future results. The success of any coaching program depends on a variety of factors, including individual effort and commitment, and no assurance can be given that you will achieve any particular result.
-   Confidentiality Disclaimer: All information shared between Nicolas Campbell and the client will remain confidential. Any personal information, including session notes, will solely be used to keep in touch and efficiently conduct coaching sessions. They will never be shared with a third party.
